refactor(config): migration 17-to-18 to unify Provider/Reprovider into Provide.DHT (#10951)
ipfs/kubo: docs/config.md

       }
     }'
   ```

>    - **Performance:** Consider enabling `Routing.AcceleratedDHTClient=true` to improve content routing lookups. Separately, gateway operators should decide if the gateway node should also co-host and provide (announce) fetched content to the DHT. If providing content, enable `Provide.DHT.SweepEnabled=true` for efficient announcements. If announcements are still not fast enough, adjust `Provide.DHT.MaxWorkers`. For a read-only gateway that doesn't announce content, use `Provide.Enabled=false`.

Reviewer: This option living in Routing, with the actual provider system options living in Provide feels weird.

Also, do we want to keep supporting a world where we do very innefficient reprovides? One option is to migrate as follows:

* AcceleratedDHTClient = true -> Legacy Reprovider enabled (no behaviour change)
* AcceleratedDHTClient = false -> Sweeping reproviding enabled (class upgrade)
* And remove the AcceleratedDHTClient option itself.

Reviewer 2: We want to enable Sweeping Provider by default in v0.39.

From the benchmarks, the Sweeping Provider performance is approx the same (slightly higher), than Legacy System with AcceleratedDHTClient.

Note that it is possible to combine Sweeping Provider with AcceleratedDHTClient (it won't change the provide performance much, and it will still have the spikes when crawling the DHT swarm). This can be helpful if users need very quick lookups (FIND_NODE, FIND_PROVS), but it won't change much for providing.

Ideally, the Provide config parameters that are specific to a DHT Swarm (all but `Provide.Enabled` and `Provide.Strategy`) should move to the appropriate `Routing.Routers` component (that will be a DHT router), and `AcceleratedDHTClient` should move there too.

Type: `duration`

## `Provide`

> Configures CID announcements to the routing system, including both immediate 

Reviewer 3: It's worth noting here that even though this is designed to apply to all routing systems, it only supports providing to the Amino DHT at this point (rather than theoretically multiple routing systems)

**Memory requirements:**

- Reproviding larger pinsets using the `mfs`, `pinned`, `pinned+mfs` or `roots` strategies requires additional memory, with an estimated ~1 GiB of RAM per 20 million items for reproviding to the Amino DHT.
- This is due to the use of a buffered provider, which avoids holding a lock on the entire pinset during the reprovide cycle.

Default: `"all"`

Type: `optionalString` (unset for the default)

### `Provide.DHT`

Configuration for providing data to Amino DHT peers.

#### `Provide.DHT.Interval`

Sets how often to re-announce content to the DHT. Provider records on Amino DHT
expire after [`amino.DefaultProvideValidity`](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-kad-dht/blob/v0.34.0/amino/defaults.go#L40-L43),
also known as Provider Record Expiration Interval.

An interval of about half the expiration window ensures provider records
are refreshed well before they expire. This keeps your content continuously

> discoverable without overwhelming the network with too frequent announcements.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
discoverable accounting for network churn without overwhelming the network with too frequent announcements.
```

- If unset, it uses the implicit safe default.
- If set to the value `"0"` it will disable content reproviding to DHT.

> [!CAUTION]
> Disabling this will prevent other nodes from discovering your content via the DHT.
> Your node will stop announcing data to the DHT, making it
> inaccessible unless peers connect to you directly. Since provider
> records expire after `amino.DefaultProvideValidity`, your content will become undiscoverable
> after this period.

Default: `22h`

Type: `optionalDuration` (unset for the default)

#### `Provide.DHT.MaxWorkers`

Sets the maximum number of _concurrent_ DHT provide operations.

**When SweepEnabled is false (legacy mode):**
- Controls NEW CID announcements only
- Reprovide operations do **not** count against this limit
- A value of `0` allows unlimited provide workers

> **When SweepEnabled is true:**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**When `Provide.DHT.SweepEnabled` is true:**
```

workers are allocated to the periodic reprovides only,
[`Provide.Sweep.DedicatedBurstWorkers`](#providesweepdedicatedburstworkers)
workers are allocated to burst provides only, and the rest of
[`Provide.Sweep.MaxWorkers`](#providesweepmaxworkers) can be used for
either task (first come, first served).

Default: `4`

Type: `optionalInteger` (non-negative)

#### `Provide.Sweep.DedicatedPeriodicWorkers`

Number of workers dedicated to periodic keyspace region reprovides.

Among the [`Provide.Sweep.MaxWorkers`](#providesweepmaxworkers), this
number of workers will be dedicated to the periodic region reprovide only. In
addition to these, if there are available workers in the pool, they can also be
used for periodic reprovides.

Default: `2`

Type: `optionalInteger` (`0` means there are no dedicated workers, but the
operation can be performed by free non-dedicated workers)

#### `Provide.Sweep.DedicatedBurstWorkers`

Number of workers dedicated to burst provides.

Burst provides are triggered when new keys must be advertised to the DHT
immediately, or when a node comes back online and must catch up the reprovides

> that should have happened while it was offline.

Author: @guillaumemichel is Burst worker pool used for ad-hoc `ipfs routing provide --recursive=true|false $cid` or `ipfs provide once --recursive=true|false $cid`?

Reviewer 2: It is used for `SweepingProvider` operations that need to happen ASAP:
1. New provides (`ipfs routing provide start --recursive=true|false $cid`, `ipfs routing provide once --recursive=true|false $cid`, and blocks fetched from bitswap/http matching `Provide.Strategy`
2. Catching up with reprovides after being disconnected/offline for a while.

The reason to have 2 types of workers (each with reserved seats), is that Burst work (e.g adding a massive number of CIDs, or reconnecting to network), shouldn't delay the reprovide operation, and vice-versa.

> [!CAUTION]
> For nodes without strict connection limits that need to provide large volumes
> of content, we recommend first trying `Provide.DHT.SweepEnabled=true` for efficient

> > announcements. If announcements are still not fast enough, enable
> > `Routing.AcceleratedDHTClient=true` and set `Provide.DHT.MaxWorkers` to `0` (unlimited).

Author: @guillaumemichel in the past we had this thing where people who wanted to announce new CIDs as fast as possible set `Provide.WorkerCount` to `0` (unlimited).

After this PR, this advice looks like this, but is still sensible to remove cap?

Perhaps we should reject `0` as value and instead ask people to just adjust based on their needs:

```suggestion
> announcements. If announcements are still not fast enough, enable
> `Routing.AcceleratedDHTClient=true` and adjust `Provide.DHT.MaxWorkers` and `DedicatedBurstWorkers`.
```

> [!CAUTION]
> For nodes without strict connection limits that need to provide large volumes
> of content, we recommend first trying `Provide.DHT.SweepEnabled=true` for efficient
> announcements. If announcements are still not fast enough, adjust `Provide.DHT.MaxWorkers`. 

> > Consider enabling expensive `Routing.AcceleratedDHTClient=true` as a last resort.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> As a last resort, consider enabling `Routing.AcceleratedDHTClient=true` but be aware that it is very resource hungry.
```
